My favourite ciders are what I call Herefordshire style, but I'd say that the Welsh ciders are
traditionally of Herefordshire style rather than South West style or Eastern County style.
They're fairly what I call beefy ciders. There's a lot going on in your mouth. I use pure wild
yeast fermentations with our products and I believe that although it can give you more
spoilage, it also gives you a much better depth of flavour in the product. You draw out the tannins,
you draw out the acids, you have a well-balanced... I like really, really dry ciders. I don't want
anything to be complicated by sweetness really. The same broadly with the Perry, you know, the
really dry, crisp... I quite like quite acidic products. I made some cider this year of out of
Broxwood Foxwell which the juice has come out and it's bright pink at the moment. Really,
really bright pink. Don't know what it'll be like by the time it's fermented, but it's...
and I love that, but it'd be way too acidic for some people. So there are a million and one
different ways to make cider. You know, everyone makes it differently and you can choose according
to what product you want to make and what you believe in at the end of the day. Like most people,
I've done Peter Mitchell's cider making course, spent a week with him. I came away with some
useful information, but I don't make my cider his way. I have very, very little in common. In fact,
we both start with apples. There's really very, very little in common between how he makes his
and how I make mine, but I have to say I prefer drinking mine. I prefer the world yeast,
I prefer the depth. That's how I like it.